---
layout: speaker
name: Jeremy Mitchell
title: Makerspace Facilitator @ CLOUD901 FedEx Makerspace
pic: /img/speakers/2017/JeremyMitchell.jpg
video:
bio: Jeremy Mitchell works as the Makerspace Facilitator at the CLOUD901, FedEx Makerspace. As makerspace facilitator, Jeremy engages teens in programming such as 3D design and 3D printing, electronics, robotics, and woodworking.
year: 2017
---

Jeremy Mitchell works as the Makerspace Facilitator at the CLOUD901, FedEx Makerspace. As makerspace facilitator, Jeremy engages teens in programming such as 3D design and 3D printing, electronics, robotics, and woodworking.

Before joining the CLOUD901 team, Jeremy served as VISTA Leader for the Maker Education Initiative in Oakland, CA. He and the team of VISTA’s helped to build the capacity of 9 makerspaces across the country, by increasing awareness and understanding of making, facilitating the start of new maker programs, fundraising, and documenting best practices to share with the greater education field. He holds the distinguished honor, as the Corporation For National and Community Service’s representative, to attend first White House Maker Faire in 2014.

After attending Middle Tn State University, Jeremy worked for non profit organizations in Nashville and Memphis,TN overseeing community outreach efforts, volunteer coordination, and brand development.  

Jeremy's experiences as a maker and musician, helped to cultivate his passion for creating impactful and memorable learning experiences for youth using creative mediums. As a native of Memphis, he’s passionate about seeing CLOUD901 become a platform for youth to develop new skills, gain unique experiences, and make their dreams come to life.