---
layout: speaker
name: Pamela Arcega
title: Student at WSHS
pic: /img/speakers/2017/PamelaArcega.jpg
video:
bio: Pamela Arcega is often described as a fun, tan, social-justice activist, yet shy at times. Born in the heart of Texas, Austin and moved to Memphis at age six, adapting herself to a new urban environment was pretty intense. I was used to...
---

I am described often as a fun, tan, social-justice activist, yet shy at times. I was born in the heart of Texas, Austin, to be exact. I moved to Memphis at age six. Adapting myself to a new urban environment was pretty intense. I was used to hearing country songs, playing with mexican kids in my neighborhood, and attending a all white school, with approximately enough hispanics to be counted with the fingers on my hand. When I first moved to Tennessee, I lived in Collierville for almost a year, which reminded me a lot of Austin. My first month living in Memphis, was unforgettable. I remember listening to “Yeah” by Usher, for the very first time and thought, “Wow this music is actually catchy and way better than country.” I also remember being robbed for the very time. One thing that I absolutely love about Memphis, is how much history this town has. I remember hearing the story of Martin Luther King Jr., in second grade. I was so fascinated on how he fought for civil rights for the minority. My older siblings shaped my mentality a lot. My brother a vegetarian, fighting for animal rights, my sister, a mexican muslim, fighting for equal rights against immigration laws, xenophobia, and more things. I was blessed with an open mind, and with eyes to see the real problems in my surroundings. In 2016, a week before Election Day, I held an anti-deportation rally/march. Seeing how people were happy to know that people were supporting the cause, and that finally someone is addressing the problems. I hope to one day follow Dr. King’s footsteps, and pursue the American Dream my parents wished to accomplish.