---
layout: speaker
name: Sebastian Carson
title: Spoken Word Artist, Event Coordinator, Story-Teller
pic: /img/speakers/2017/SebastianCarson.jpg
video:
bio: Sebastian Carson was born and raised in Memphis, TN and graduated from Central High School in 2009. Growing up in a single-parent home in a community of poverty and crime gave him an opportunity to discover the power of imagination, focus, and vision.
---

Sebastian Carson was born and raised in Memphis, TN and graduated from Central High School in 2009. Growing up in a single-parent home in a community of poverty and crime gave him an opportunity to discover the power of imagination, focus, and vision. He graduated from Middle Tennessee State University in 2013 with a Bachelor's Degree in Political Science. While in college, Sebastian Carson began making YouTube poetry films that went viral across the world. With his poetry and business partner, Tilmon Keaton, He has been featured on BET’s Bobby Jones Gospel Show, opened up for #1 Motivational Speaker Internationally, Eric Thomas in NYC’s Union Square, and performed spoken word poetry in hundreds of venues across the entire nation; winning poetry slams, building workshops for urban youth, and adding innovation to poetry through films. Sebastian is well known in the Memphis community for his work with spoken word, and often is called on to curate major shows and concerts that revolve around spoken word and poetry! Sebastian currently works as the event coordinator for Choose901 (City Leadership); an organization well known for its passion for the positivity of all things 901. His work with City Leadership allows him to recruit and retain amazing talent to Memphis. Previously, Sebastian was the social media and account manager for a lobbying firm where he was able to help influence policy in education and government.  He serves through 30 mentor hours per week through the mission home he lives in where his house is a place of refuge for over 20 young african american boys; he and his roommates are responsible for teaching them spiritual capacity and life skills. Sebastian believes that it’s our sole responsibility to respond to our ability and not let our circumstance stop us from achieving more. 